Sonal/optoutchanges (#5469)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/einstein/einstein-setup.md

## Set Up Overview

Einstein for Developers is available in the [VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) and [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) marketplaces. The extension is enabled by default in a supported Salesforce org. A developer with access to a supported org can use the extension to generate Apex code from natural language instructions, get coding suggestions using line autocomplete, or generate Apex unit tests to quickly accomplish required code coverage.

> To use Einstein for Developers on your desktop, you must have the [Salesforce Extension Pack]() installed in your VS Code desktop application. See [Install Salesforce Extensions](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/vscode-desktop/install) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Einstein for Developers on your desktop, you must have the [Salesforce Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=salesforce.salesforcedx-vscode) installed in your VS Code desktop application. See [Install Salesforce Extensions](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/vscode-desktop/install) for more information.
```

### Required Editions

**Available in**: Developer, Enterprise, Partner Developer, Performance and Unlimited Editions.

**Inoperable in**: Group, Professional, and Essentials Editions.

**Not Available in**: EU Operating Zone. EU Operating zone is a special paid offering that provides an enhanced level of data residency commitment. Einstein for Developers is supported in orgs in the EU that aren’t part of EU OZ, per standard product terms and conditions.

### Required User Permissions

> To use Einstein for Developers (Beta): Customize Application AND Modify All Data.

Reviewer: This bit can be removed to, you don't have any required user permissions now

**Enhanced Domain Enabled**
Your Einstein for Developers org must have Enhanced Domain enabled. See [Enable Enhanced Domains](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.domain_name_enhanced_enable.htm&type=5) for more information.

### Visual Studio Code Version

> VS Code releases a new version each month with new features and important bug fixes. You must be on VS Code Version 1.76 or higher to run the Einstein for Developers extension. You can manually check for updates from **Help** **> Check for Updates** on Linux and Windows or **Code > Check for Updates** on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VS Code releases a new version each month with new features and important bug fixes. You must be on VS Code Version 1.82.0 or higher to run the Einstein for Developers extension. You can manually check for updates from **Help** **> Check for Updates** on Linux and Windows or **Code > Check for Updates** on macOS.
```

We updated this over in Foundations

### Interaction with other AI-enabled Extensions

- You may run into some unexpected generated code outcomes if you have multiple AI-enabled extensions installed in VS Code. We recommend you disable all other AI-enabled extensions when working with Einstein for Developers:
  1. Click the Extensions icon in the Activity Bar, search for the extension to disable by name.
  2. Click **Disable** in the extension's marketplace page.
  3. Repeat for all installed AI-enabled extensions.

## Enable or Disable Einstein For Developers in VS Code

> You can enable or disable Einstein for Developers from within Visual Studio Code. Click the Einstein icon in the status bar to open the command palette, then click enable or disable.

Reviewer: Title makes it sound like it's VS Code only, can we clarify it'll apply to both VS Code and CB?
